
3.2 
Damage/Lost Claims

3.2.1
Claim on damage/loss to the parcel or its content can only be claimed by the Consignor or the representative who has been authorized in writing by the Consignor and after all outstanding amount due to BEST has been fully settled. The claim application together with required physical and effective proof and any other necessary documents for damages or loss (Included parcel delivered to the wrong receiver/missing content/parcel swap/no update on tacking status after collected or dropped off) must be filled up and submitted within 21 calendar days from the date of BEST Tracking System shows the Shipment is delivered. The required documents include:
a)Application form;
b)Copy of the consignment note;
c)Original tax invoice to verify actual price of the content;
d)Tax invoice of consignment bill (if have);
e)Certified true copy of the identity card of the claimant or a copy of business registration certificate if the claimant is a business entity;
f)Insurance claim form and documents required by insurance company (for insured items);
g) Any other required supporting documents; and
All required documents should be submitted to the nearest BEST branch or email to customer service center of BEST.
With regard to the loss of the Shipment that is yet to be delivered, the Consignor or its representative shall submit the claim within 30 calendar days from consignment collection date, failing which BEST has the right to reject such claim.
BEST shall, upon receiving the aforesaid claim or complaint, within 3 working days to review all details of the claims and will contact the Consignor or the representative who has been authorized in writing by the Consignor.
BEST shall be deemed prima facie to have delivered the Shipment as described in the Consignment Note unless notice of loss of, or damage to the Shipment, indicating the general nature of such loss or damage is given by the Consignor or its representative to BEST according to this clause 3.2.1. If the Consignee accepted the Shipment by endorsing on the Proof of Delivery without raising any damage, shortage or dispute, BEST shall be deemed to have discharged its responsibility / liability towards the Consignor and / or over the Shipment.
BEST shall not compensate the claim requested by the Consignor if the claim is not filed within the lost or damaged parcel reporting time frame or the required documents are not completely submitted. BEST reserves the right to refuse any claim if the complainant is unable to verify or unable to provide sufficient evidence that the damage/lost occurred when the Shipment is under BEST 's control.
Insured items will only be able to claim insurance coverage subject to terms and conditions of insurance company.

3.2.2.
Without prejudice to Clause 4 and provided that the Consignor's claim is justified, BEST's liability for any loss of the Shipment shall be limited to the declared value of the Shipment as indicated by you on the Consignment Note etc. upon acceptance of the Shipment by BEST or SGD 100.00 per Shipment, whichever is lower (the "Compensation Limits").


In the case of damage to the Shipment, the amount of compensation shall be based on BEST's own assessment of the extent of the damage to and the actual cash value of the contents of the Shipment provided always that the amount of compensation shall not exceed the Compensation Limits.
Provided that BEST is satisfied that Consignor's claim is justified, BEST's liability for any loss or damage arising from BEST's failure to deliver a Shipment by the Preferred Delivery Date shall be limited to the amount of the Fees charged in respect of that Shipment.
For the avoidance of doubt, in any event, BEST's liability shall not exceed the Compensation Limits even if there are both damage to a Shipment as well as a delay in its delivery of the Shipment. Therefore Consignor shall arrange insurance for the Shipment at its own cost if greater protection from risk against the Shipment is required.

3.3
Limitation of Liability

BEST shall not be liable for any loss and damages suffered by the Consignor, its representatives or any other parties resulting from the Consignor's failure to comply with the conditions herein or resulting from Consignor's acts, negligence, default, misconduct or omission, including but not limited to incomplete or inaccurate description of any Shipment; inadequate or inappropriate packaging, securing, marking or addressing of any Shipment; or resulting from the act, default, negligence, misconduct, omission, violation of any conditions herein of the Consignee or anyone who has interests in the Shipment.
BEST shall not be liable for any loss, damage, delay, shortage, mis-delivery, non-delivery, mis-information, or failure to provide information in connection with the Shipment containing the Dangerous Goods or Prohibited Items. BEST shall not be liable for any loss, damage, delay, shortage, mis-delivery, non-delivery, misinformation or failure to provide information in connection with the Shipment caused by the occurrence of a force majeure event, including but not limited to:
a)severe weather;
b)fire and flood;
C)war, rebellion, sabotage, riot, terrorism;
d)strike or industrial dispute of whatsoever nature;
e)act or omission of local or overseas public authorities and changes in applicable law;
f)act or omission of customs or similar authorities;
g)disruption of air or ground network;
h) epidemic, pandemic or other public health conditions;
i) mechanical problems to modes of transportation / machinery or material shortage (i.e. fuel and electricity).


BEST shall not be liable for any loss and damage caused by any fraud, willful acts, reckless acts, omissions, gross negligence of any third party (including its employees, servants, agents, affiliates, contractors, their agents and their respective employees / agents) and shall not be vicariously liable for any such action or omission for which the management of BEST has exercised reasonable diligence.
BEST shall not be liable, including but not limited to, in contract, tort, equity, negligence and strict liability for any loss of income, loss of market, loss of profit, or any consequential, incidental, special, indirect loss or damage whatsoever and howsoever caused whether BEST knew or ought to have known of the value of any shipment and/or such loss and/or damage might occur.

BEST will only be liable if the loss, damage, delay, shortage, mis-delivery, non-delivery, misinformation or failure to provide information in connection with the Consignor's Shipment which is proven to be resulted from the acts or omissions of the management of BEST, and such acts or omissions are committed with the intent to cause such loss or committed recklessly and with the knowledge that such acts would probably result in such loss and damage. Notwithstanding the above, BEST's total liability under any circumstances whatsoever shall not exceed SGD 100.00 per Consignment Note or the cost of replacement of the Shipment, whichever is lower. If the Consignor declares a higher value of the Shipment, the Shipment shall be insured by the Consignor at its own cost and the Consignor's sole remedy shall be from the proceeds of the insurance policy.

4 
CONSIGNOR'S WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITY
The Consignor irrevocably agrees to indemnify, defend, release and hold BEST harmless against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, suits, judgments, damages, losses, costs and legal fee (on a solicitor and client basis) in connection therewith or incident thereto, arising out of Consignor's failure to comply with the conditions herein or resulting from Consignor's negligence, acts, defaults, misconduct or omissions or the Consignor's errors in the declaration of the Shipment or the provision of incomplete, inaccurate or erroneous information relating to the Shipment or non- declaration of the dangerous nature of the Shipment and/or the failure of the customer to comply with all applicable import, export, customs and other laws and regulations which apply to the Shipment.


The Consignor is aware that every Consignment Note (whether in blank or used) supplied by BEST shall remain the property of BEST. The Consignor shall procure that every Consignment Note shall be accounted for and shall only be utilized for shipment to be delivered by BEST and not otherwise. The Consignor shall not misuse or distribute the Consignment Note for the Consignor's/ third party(ies)' own purposes. The Consignor shall indemnify and keep BEST and its agents, workmen or servants harmless against any liability, loss or damage (including bodily injury) of whatsoever nature direct or indirect sustained by BEST, its agents, workmen or servants attributed, related to and/or howsoever arising from the Consignor's acts, omission, neglect, intentional or dishonest acts and/or any damage/ loss which is attributable, related to and/or howsoever arising from the Consignor's/ any third party(ies)' wrongful/ unauthorized use or distribution of the Consignment Note. This indemnity shall also include any liability, loss or damage as a result of any claim whatsoever and any summons, penalties, fines against BEST by any third party or the relevant Authorities as a result of any act, omission, neglect or intentional acts by the Consignor, its agents, workmen or servants and/or third party(ies) arising from/ attributed to the wrongful/ unauthorized/ misuse of any Consignment note.

5
PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) POLICY
By signing of the Consignment Note, the Consignor authorize BEST to use the Consignor's personal data for all lawful purpose including but not limited to disclosure of Consignor's personal data by BEST for the provision of the service under the Standard Terms and Conditions and/or to any government and/or regulatory authority, provided always that such disclosure are subject to the PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT 2012 and any further amendment by the competent authority applicable from time to time. The Consignor warrants and undertakes to BEST that it has obtained all required consents from any third party on the disclosure to and processing of such party's personal data by BEST for the purpose contemplated hereunder. The Consignor agrees to indemnify, defend, release and hold BEST harmless against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, suits, judgments, damages, losses, costs and legal fee (on a solicitor and client basis) in connection therewith or incident thereto, arising out of breach by the Consignor of its obligation under this clause 5.

6
SEVERABILITY
In the event that any one or more of the terms is declared by any judicial or other competent authority to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or decision, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein is not be affected or impaired in any way.

7
GOVERNING LAW
The Standard Terms and Conditions shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.