
BEST Inc. Singapore (BEST) Standard Terms and Conditions

By using BEST service and by delivering the Shipment to BEST, the Consignor is agreeing, on your behalf and on behalf of anyone else with an interest in the Shipment, unless the Specific Terms and Conditions apply as agreed in writing by an authorized officer of BEST, that the standard terms and conditions set out herein (the "Standard Terms and Conditions") shall apply.
BEST reserves the right to add, amend or cancel any of the Standard Terms and Conditions without any notice to you and the contents are also subject and subordinate to applicable laws, rules and regulatory directions in Singapore.
The consignment notes, waybill or invoice (the "Consignment Note") issued to you by BEST in connection with your application for use of the BEST service shall incorporate the Standard Terms and Conditions.
Every Shipment is transported on a limited liability basis as provided herein. If you require greater protection, then insurance coverage on Shipment may be arranged at an additional cost borne by you.


DEFINITION
"Consignment Note" shall include any label produced by BEST automated systems, air waybill, invoices or consignment note and shall incorporate the Standard Terms and Conditions.
In the Consignment Note, which is a non-negotiable Document, any reference to "BEST" refers to BEST LOGISTICS TECHNOLOGY (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD., its related corporations, its subsidiaries, branches, employees, directors, agents, affiliates, contractors and any of their respective employees and agents.
"Shipment/Shipments" means all goods, documents and parcels that travel under one Consignment Note and which may be carried by any means BEST chooses including air, road or any other carrier. "Consignor", "you" and "your" refers to the shipper, its employees, principals and/or agents.
"Consignee" refers to the person who receives the Shipment.
"we", "us" and "our" are a reference to BEST LOGISTICS TECHNOLOGY (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD., carrying on its business at 5B Toh Guan Road East, @, #04-03 Toh Guan, Mapletree Logis Hub, 608829


1. CONSIGNOR'S OBLIGATION
It depends on the area (normal 1-3 day) - (excluding Sunday, public holiday and according to government office hours)

1.1
Packaging and Content
Consignor shall ensure that the Shipment is packed in a case, wrapper or container appropriate to the nature and weight of the Shipment such that no part of the Shipment may be removed without the case, wrapper or container being torn or broken, a seal being broken, or two adhesive surfaces being forced apart. In the event that packing of the Shipment is deemed by BEST to be unsuitable for transportation, Consignor shall, upon notification by BEST, re-pack the Shipment in a suitable case, wrapper or container in accordance with BEST's directions, failing which BEST may refuse to accept such Shipment or re-pack the Shipment at your expense.

Consignor shall ensure that the Shipment is adequately packed in a case or container of sufficient durability and strength so as to protect against damage to it during the course of delivery and shall be encased in or surrounded by sufficient and suitable protective material inside that case or container and that such Shipment shall bear the words "FRAGILE WITH CARE" in the case of a Shipment of a fragile nature and "DO NOT BEND" in the case of a Shipment which is susceptible to damage by bending, prominently displayed on the face of the case or container and above the address of the named addressee.
Consignor shall be responsible for the proper packaging of goods, labelling and intact packaging, in line with the safety requirements and in accordance with BEST's courier standards to go through the transportation process to ensure the safety of goods. BEST will not be liable for any damages or losses that are caused by packaging problems and/or will not be liable for any damages or losses whatsoever without physical and actual proofs.
Consignor must advise on the actual value and provide accurate and complete description of the content(s) of the Shipment. BEST shall not be responsible for any claim or freight charges or any other costs for any false, misleading, illegal, incomplete and/or complex statement or claim that the declared value is inconsistent with the actual value of the sent items. Consignor shall indemnify and hold BEST harmless from any loss or damages arising out of Consignors' breach of the above representations and free from any legal liability arising from Consignors' failures to comply with any applicable laws or regulations.

1.2 
Deliveries of Documents
BEST shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for the loss and/or damage of any original and/or official documents or personal documents issued by government authorities including but not limited to as identification cards, passports, driver's licenses, birth certificates etc..

1.3 
Compliance of Regulation and Prohibited Item

1.3.1 
Consignor shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements (including but not limited to any
imposed at any time before or during the Shipment relating to anti-terrorism measures) of customs, port and other relevant authorities and shall bear and pay all duties, taxes, fines, imposts, expenses and losses (including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, charges for any additional Shipment undertaken) incurred or suffered by reason thereof or by reason of any illegal, incorrect or insufficient marking, numbering or addressing of the Shipment.

1.3.2 
Consignor are prohibited from tendering and posting any dangerous, restricted and/or prohibited items by the
relevant authorities or under any applicable laws, statutes and/or regulations or is in Best's opinion that it is unable to deliver any of the items safely or legally ("Dangerous Goods or Prohibited Items"). The Dangerous Good or Prohibited Items shall include without limitation are the following:
a) explosives, firearms or other offensive weapons, flammable or hazardous materials, poisonous or infectious substances, blood or blood products (whether infectious or not), dangerous or undesirable goods or all items prohibited by the International Air Transport Association, the International Civil Aviation Organization or any relevant government authority or under any applicable law or regulation;
b) human or animal bodies or parts of bodies, memorial tablets or any items for use in religious ceremonies;
c) live animals;
d) credit cards or debit cards;
e) currency, or any bearer form negotiable instruments;
f) original copies of any record, drawing, document or electronic recording of which duplicates or copies have not been made and kept by you or high-value artworks;
g) documents containing a substantial amount of confidential information;
h) any form of gold, silver, jewellery, precious or semi-precious item;
i) illegal narcotics or drugs;
j) vaporisers (electronic cigarettes, electronic pipes, electronic cigars and the likes) and shisha molasses.


BEST reserves the right to amend or change the classes of goods or items which are categorized as Dangerous Goods or Prohibited Items at any time without prior notice.
BEST shall not be liable for any subsequent charges, fines, penalty or compensation which may be incurred by the relevant authority if the declaration of such item is deemed false, inaccurate, incomplete, dubious or contradictory to the declaration made by the Consignor before shipping, whether directly or indirectly. BEST shall not liable for any claims in damages, loss and/or delay of the Shipment if the item is deferred, detained, withheld, returned to Consignor, or was not processed because it contains or consists of Dangerous Good or Prohibited Items, regardless of whether the item was intentionally or unintentionally sent by the Consignor or received by BEST.
Consignor shall be responsible for all posted items, including but not limited to, liquids, creams, lotions, or cosmetics that may be at risk of rupture, as well as easily perishable food and/or any other forms of food that may be harmful to other items. BEST shall not be responsible for any compensation costs of posting, direct or indirect damages or lost, regardless of whether the item was intentionally or unintentionally sent by the Consignor or received by BEST.

2.
BEST'S RIGHT

2.1
Carraige
Right to Inspect Content
BEST may, at any time, in its absolute and sole discretion, but under no obligation, to open or scan and inspect the contents of the Shipment for any reason whatsoever including without limitation the verification of the contents of the Shipment. If upon such opening and inspection, the description and declaration of the contents of the Shipment is verified as being incorrect or misleading, BEST may, in its absolute and sole discretion, refuse to accept such Shipment without giving any reason or it may revise the shipment charges applicable to the contents discovered.

If it appears at any time that the Shipment cannot safely or properly be delivered, or delivered further, either at all or without incurring any additional expense or taking measures in relation to the Shipment, BEST may without notice to Consignor (but as his agent only) take any measures and/or incur any reasonable additional expense to carry or continue the carriage thereof, and/or to sell or dispose of the Shipment and/or to abandon the carriage and/or to store the Shipment, under cover or in the open, at any place, whichever BEST in its absolute discretion considers most appropriate, which sale, disposal, abandonment or storage shall be deemed to constitute due delivery under the Consignment Note. Consignor shall indemnify BEST against any reasonable additional expense so incurred. BEST in exercising the liberties contained in this clause shall not be under any obligation to take any particular measures and shall not be liable for any loss, delay or damage howsoever arising from any action or lack of action under this clause.

2.2
Delivery
BEST will ensure the Shipment is delivered in accordance with the delivery time efficiency standard. Delivery is deemed to have been completed where the Shipment is delivered to the addressee of address (i.e. the management office of building) and/or alternative addressee as specified by Consignor but not necessarily to the named addressee personally. If the Consignee has no further objection upon receiving of item, the item is considered successfully delivered. BEST will not be responsible for any loss and/or damages afterwards.


BEST will use its best efforts to deliver the Shipment to the addressee by the preferred delivery date indicated by you on the Consignment Note and in accordance with the delivery schedule for BEST service prevailing and indicated at BEST's designated branches, offices and agents from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consignor hereby agree and acknowledge that a) BEST's service delivery schedule prevailing is for indicative purpose only and not binding on BEST; and b) all deliveries are subject to potential delays including but not limited to delays resulting from adverse traffic conditions. In the event that the Consignor fails to specify the preferred delivery date on the Consignment Note, the Shipment will be delivered in accordance with the BEST service delivery schedule prevailing from time to time. In the event if the Consignee is not available or refuses to accept the Shipment upon courier arrives or refuses to pay the Fees payable by the Consignee, the Shipment has been deemed by BEST to be unacceptable for delivery and BEST shall notify Consignor of the delivery failure and seek Consignor instructions as to the appropriate action to be taken, such as the disposal or re-delivery of the Shipment at Consignor responsibility and costs (and such costs will be forthwith reimbursed by Consignor upon BEST's request), within a reasonable period from the date of such delivery failure. However, BEST reserves the right to decline to accept such further instructions from Consignor for any reason whatsoever.
In the event that Consignor do not provide instructions regarding the appropriate action to be taken, the item will be kept at BEST branch for a certain period determined by BEST. The period to keep the unclaimed item is deemed as storage period. BEST will make two (2) attempts to deliver the said item to the Consignee or the Consignee may collect the item from BEST branch within storage period. The item will be returned to the Consignor after storage period. . In the event that the contents of the Shipment are found by BEST to be perishable or otherwise susceptible to changes in quality, BEST has the right to immediately dispose of the item without waiting for the expiry of the storage period. However, BEST shall use its reasonable endeavor to notify you upon such disposal. The Consignor shall be responsible for all costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, forwarding, disposal, or return transportation charges, as well as any duty and tax, if applicable. BEST shall not be liable for direct or indirect damages or loss of the Shipment arising during storage period or due to return of the Shipment to the Consignor after storage period.


The delivery status can be tracked and traced via the website provided by BEST and/or by contacting the hotline number of customer service center of BEST. Any inquiries regarding the delivered items must be made within 30 calendar days from the date of delivery.


2.3
Charges
BEST will ensure the Shipment is delivered in accordance with the delivery time efficiency standard. Delivery is deemed to have been completed where the Shipment is delivered to the addressee of address (i.e. the management office of building) and/or alternative addressee as specified by Consignor but not necessarily to the named addressee personally. If the Consignee has no further objection upon receiving of item, the item is considered successfully delivered. BEST will not be responsible for any loss and/or damages afterwards.


BEST will use its best efforts to deliver the Shipment to the addressee by the preferred delivery date indicated by you on the Consignment Note and in accordance with the delivery schedule for BEST service prevailing and indicated at BEST's designated branches, offices and agents from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consignor hereby agree and acknowledge that a) BEST's service delivery schedule prevailing is for indicative purpose only and not binding on BEST; and b) all deliveries are subject to potential delays including but not limited to delays resulting from adverse traffic conditions. In the event that the Consignor fails to specify the preferred delivery date on the Consignment Note, the Shipment will be delivered in accordance with the BEST service delivery schedule prevailing from time to time. In the event if the Consignee is not available or refuses to accept the Shipment upon courier arrives or refuses to pay the Fees payable by the Consignee, the Shipment has been deemed by BEST to be unacceptable for delivery and BEST shall notify Consignor of the delivery failure and seek Consignor instructions as to the appropriate action to be taken, such as the disposal or re-delivery of the Shipment at Consignor responsibility and costs (and such costs will be forthwith reimbursed by Consignor upon BEST's request), within a reasonable period from the date of such delivery failure. However, BEST reserves the right to decline to accept such further instructions from Consignor for any reason whatsoever.

2.3.1
In consideration of BEST service, Consignor shall pay to BEST such amount of fees as determined by BEST upon your use of BEST service (the "Fees"). The schedule of Fees prevailing from time to time can be found at each of BEST's designated branches and offices and agents offering BEST service.

2.3.2 
Not withstanding Clause, BEST reserves the right to claim additional fees incurred by BEST upon
re-weighing and/or re-measuring of the Shipment or to claim the Fees from the Consignee of the Shipment upon delivery.

2.3.3 
There will be no refund of the Fees once paid to BEST, unless otherwise stated in the Standard Terms
and Conditions.

2.3.4 
Any Fees quoted by BEST shall exclude Service Tax or Goods and Services Tax (currently 8%), Value
Added Tax and any other applicable tax, duty and expenses as may be imposed by any local or foreign Customs or similar Authority in respect of the carriage of the Consignor's Shipment. If the Customer gives different instructions on methods of payment, the Consignor shall be primarily liable for any duty, tax (including pre-payment of the same), surcharge, fine, legal costs (on solicitor-and- client basis) or loss suffered by BEST.

2.3.5
For deliver item to be determine in Dimensional weight by using volumetric standards as follow: Length (cm) x Width (cm) x Height (cm) + 6000

2.4.1
2.4 International Shipments
The results of the calculation will be converted into kilograms (KG) and compared to the actual weight of the actual package. Shipping charges will be based on the total actual weight or the total dimensional weight, whichever is greater.Shipment charges are calculated according to the weight or higher of actual or volumetric weight and any Shipment may be re-weighed and re-measured to confirm this calculation. Consignor shall pay or reimburse BEST for all Shipment charges, ancillary charges, duties and taxes owed for services provided by the courier or incurred by BEST on Consignor's or Consignee's or any third party's behalf and all claims, damages, fines and expenses incurred if the Shipment is deemed unacceptable for transport.

2.4.2
If a Shipment combines carriage by air, road or other mode of transport, it shall be deemed to have been
carried by air.

2.4.3
Custom Clearance: Consignor are pre-paying for the postage charges of the Shipment only. BEST has no control over any customs queries or charges that may arise. Customs charges must be paid in addition by the Consignee when delivery is made. BEST reserves the right to pass these charges directly onto the person that placed the order. If Consignor do not wish to pay the charges and the Shipment is returned, all return charges will also be passed on. BEST shall not be responsible for any local customs charges, import taxes or duties, temporary import export charges, shipment return charges or any similar charge(s) incurred through BEST carriage and/or delivery of any Shipment and Consignor must satisfy himself as to any of these charges will become due, and if so in what amounts, before completing an order with BEST. If any such charges become due as a result of our carriage and/or delivery of a Shipment on Consignor behalf and are charged to BEST by any competent authority Consignor agree to reimburse BEST fully in respect of the same within 7 calendar days of our demand.


3.
BEST'S LIABILITY

3.1
Loss or Damage

In the event that BEST discovers that there has been loss of or damage to the Shipment, BEST shall notify Consignor of such loss or damage within a reasonable period and shall seek instructions from Consignor with respect to the appropriate action to be taken. BEST reserves the right to decline to accept any further instructions for any reason whatsoever.

In the event that Consignor do not provide further instructions regarding the appropriate action to be taken within a reasonable period of Consignor's notification, BEST shall, at your costs (and such costs will be forthwith reimbursed by you upon Consignor's request), take such action in relation to the Shipment as it deems appropriate, including without limitation, re-delivery of the Shipment to Consignor or retention of the Shipment, and shall notify Consignor
of the same.